SpecCode	Spectrometer	MeasurementMode	Affiliation	Description
BCF-FTIR1	Biconical Off-Axis FT-IR (Nicolet 740)	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	Nicolet 740 Fourier-Transform infrared spectrometer with a newer off-axis biconical diffuse reflectance accessory manufactured by PIKE Technology.
BCF-FTIR2	Biconical Off-Axis FT-IR (Thermo Nexus 870)	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	"Thermo Nexus 870 Fourier-Transform infrared spectrometer with an off-axis biconical diffuse reflectance accessory manufactured by PIKE Technology.  The incidence and emergence beams are reflected on a large gold mirror with large unknown cone angle footprints, including some grazing angle beams.  The NIR range (1-4 um) is measured with a halogen-tungsten lamp, CaF2 beam splitter, and either DTGS (TE-cooled) or InSb (liquid N2 cooled) detecter, Mid-IR range (2-25 um) with a globar, KBr beam splitter, and DTGS detector, and Far-IR range (14-100 um) with a globar, a solid-state beam splitter, and DTGS detector.  The standard reference material is usually diffuse gold."
BC-FTIR1	Biconical FT-IR (Nicolet 740)	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	"Nicolet 740 Fourier-Transform infrared spectrometer with a biconical diffuse reflectance accessory manufactured by SpectraTech.  Using a globar IR light source, NIR range (1.5-4 um) is measured with PbSe detector and Mid-IR range (2-25 um) with DTGS detector, both using KBr beam splitter.  Spectrometer interior and sample compartment can be purged with dry air.  In addition to its built-in sample compartment, an environmental chamber built by William Patterson and Janice Bishop is attached, allowing Mars-like environment a small, yellow-color dome containing just one sample.  The standard reference material is usually diffuse gold."
BC-FTIR2	Biconical FT-IR (Thermo Nexus 870)	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	Thermo Nexus 870 Fourier-Transform infrared spectrometer with an older biconical diffuse reflectance accessory SpectraTech.
BD-VNIR	Bidirectional Visible-NIR	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	"A highly bidirectional (8-degree cone angle on the detector side) reflectance spectrometer built originally by Lockheed at NASA Johnson Space Center for returned lunar samples by Apollo 11 and later missions.  Both the incidence and emergence angles can be changed up to about 70 degrees.  The incidence arm is integrated with a lamp unit, a chopper, a monochromater, an order sorting filter wheel, and a scrambler lens, and the emergence arm is integrated with apertures, a telescope, and detectors.  Halogen-Tungsten and Xenom lamps are used for UV and Vis-NIR ranges, and PMT and InSb (liquid N2 cooled) are used for UV-Vis and NIR ranges, respectively.  The standard reference material was usually pressed halon until March 2018, and was switched to Spectralon manufactured by Labsphere.  Wavelength coverage is 0.3-2.6 um."
SBD-VNIR	Bidirectional Visible-NIR (Bunko-Keiki DRS-25)	Reflectance	Sho Sasaki	"Bunko-Keiki DRS-25 bidirectional spectrometer of Sho Sasaki located initially at Mizusawa Observatory and later Osaka University.  The incidence and emergence cone angles are about 25 degrees.  Used as light sources are D2 lamp and halogen-tungsten lamp, detecters are a PMT and two InGaAs detectors.  The wavelength range was 0.2-2.5 um before the machine was modified to cover 0.25-3 um by replacing the second InGaAs detector in 2019.  The standard materials are Spectralon (manufactured by Labsphere) or diffuse gold.  The incidence beam size is an ellipse of 2 x 3 mm in diameter on the sample surface.  Incidence and emergence angles can be changed up to 60 degrees although the phase angle cannot be smaller than 30 degrees."
DHC-VNIR	Directional-Hemispherical Visible-NIR (Wavelength corrected)	Reflectance	J. B. Adams & M. J. Gaffey	"Beckman Dk-2A directional-hemispherical diffuse reflectance spectrometer used by John B. Adams and Michael J. Gaffey.  Ref: Adams and MaCord (1970) Proc. Lunar Sci. Conf. 1st, 3, 1937-1945.  Wavelength errors were corrected by Stephen F. Pratt."
DH-VNIR	Directional-Hemispherical Visible-NIR	Reflectance	J. B. Adams & M. J. Gaffey	"Beckman Dk-2A directional-hemispherical diffuse reflectance spectrometer used by John B. Adams and Michael J. Gaffey.  Wavelength errors are known.  Ref: Adams and MaCord (1970) Proc. Lunar Sci. Conf. 1st, 3, 1937-1945."
FBD-VNIR	Fieldspec for Vis-NIR range (ASD)	Reflectance	John F. Mustard	Bidirectional reflectance spectrum measured using ASD Fieldspec portable spectrometer with fiber optics on both the light source and the detector side mounted on a goniometric system.  The light source can be an external lamp instead of LED light through the fiber optics.  Wavelength coverage is 0.35-2.5 um with sampling interval of 1 nm.
FBD-VNIR2	Fieldspec3 for Vis-NIR range (ASD)	Reflectance	Ralph E. Milliken	Bidirectional reflectance spectrum measured using ASD Fieldspec3 portable spectrometer with fiber optics on both the light source and the detector side mounted on a goniometric system.  The light source can be an external lamp instead of LED light through the fiber optics.  Wavelength coverage is 0.35-2.5 um with sampling interval of 1 nm.  The wavelength resolution seems to depend on wavelength and is lower than 1 nm sampling rate.
MBD-VIS	Mini portable spectrometer for the extended visible range	Reflectance	Carle M. Pieters	Mini portable spectrometer used by Carle M. Pieters mainly for her class to measure extended visible reflectance spectra.
TR-FTIR1	Transmission FT-IR (Nicolet 740)	Transmittance	"RELAB, Brown University"	Transmission specta measured using Nicolet 740 FT-IR spectrometer.  The sample is attached to a place that is inserted to a stand in the center of the sample compartment of the spectrometer.
TR-FTIR2	Transmission FT-IR (Thermo Nexus 870)	Transmittance	"RELAB, Brown University"	Transmission specta measured using Thermo Nexus FT-IR spectrometer.  The sample is attached to a place that is inserted to a stand in the center of the sample compartment of the spectrometer.
TR-VNIR	Transmission Visible-NIR	Transmittance	"RELAB, Brown University"	Transmission spectra measured using RELAB bidirectional spectrometer (BD-VNIR) by placing a sample in the light path while halon or Spectralon is on the reflectance sample position.  The transmission sample is usually placed on the aperture before the detector.
UR-FTIR2	Microscopic Reflectance FT-IR (Thermo Nexus 870 with Continuum)	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	Microscopic reflectance spectrum measured using Thermo Continuum spectrometer with a microscope system using MCT-A or MCT-B detector cooled with liquid N2.  Wavelength coverage is usually 1- 8 um with CaF2 beam splitter and 2-15 um with KBr beam splitter.  The target area is 100 um or smaller in size.  The standard reference material is a gold mirror.
UT-FTIR2	Microscopic Transmittance FT-IR (Thermo Nexus 870 with Continuum)	Transmittance	"RELAB, Brown University"	Microscopic transmittance spectrum measured using Thermo Continuum spectrometer with a microscope system using MCT-A or MCT-B detector cooled with liquid N2.  Wavelength coverage is usually 1- 8 um with CaF2 beam splitter and 2-15 um with KBr beam splitter.  The target area is 100 um or smaller in size.
TU-FTIR1	Microscopic Reflectance FTIR (Thermo Nicolet iN10)	Reflectance	Tohoku University	"Microscopic reflectance spectrum measured using Thermo Nicolet iN10 spectrometer at Tohoku University.  The beam size is about 400 um on the sample surface, and the system is purged with N2 gas."
BD-VNIR+FBD-VNIR2	BD-VNIR & FBD-VNIR2 combined	Reflectance	"RELAB, Ralph Milliken"	
BD-VNIR+FBD-VNIR2+BCF-FTIR2	BD-VNIR & FBD-VNIR2 & BCF-FTIR2 combined	Reflectance	"RELAB, Ralph Milliken"	
BD-VNIR+BCF-FTIR1	BD-VNIR & BCF-FTIR1 combined	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	
BD-VNIR+BCF-FTIR2	BD-VNIR & BCF-FTIR2 combined	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	
BD-VNIR+BC-FTIR1	BD-VNIR & BC-FTIR1 combined	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	
BD-VNIR+BC-FTIR2	BD-VNIR & BC-FTIR2 combined	Reflectance	"RELAB, Brown University"	
SBD-VNIR+BCF-FTIR2	SBD-VNIR & BCF-FTIR2 combined	Reflectance	Sho Sasaki + RELAB	
SBD-VNIR+TU-FTIR1	SBD-VNIR & TU-FTIR1 combined	Reflectance	Sho Sasaki + Tohoku University	
